Added success measurement section to goals page (#3065)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/developer-insights/code-insights/goals.md

# Code insights goals and roadmap

The Code insights team focuses on bringing code insights to life as a valuable new Sourcegraph product. 

The team's goals and roadmap contain the features and customer signals that guide our work.  

## Goals for FY22 

See also our [completed goals](goals_completed.md).

### 1. Deliver a user-loved, revenue-capturing product 

#### 1.1 Deliver code insights beta version

**Problem:** Code insights can't be [in beta](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/beta_and_prototype_features) until: 

1. Users can create insights effectively and without error
   1. This includes an easy path to finding/creating insights, like through the search UI (one-click create from search)

> 1. Code insights can run on the backend and meet a users' running-speed expectations 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Code insights can run on the backend and meet a user's loading-time expectations 
```
